FISH-10526: adding documentation for new orb fragment processing (#555)
payara/Payara-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Technical Documentation/Payara Server Documentation/General Administration/Administering the ORB.adoc

Reviewer: Suggested Text:
Multiple Object Locking: A lock can be shared among various class instances, facilitating more flexible management of synchronization between these instances.

Author: already done !!!!

----
This example deletes the IIOP listener named `sample_iiop_listener`.

[[configuring-new-orb-fragment-processing]]
== Configuring the New ORB Fragment Processing

> The objective of this functionality is to improve the concurrency mechanism with a new implementation using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The objective of this functionality is to improve the concurrency mechanism with a new implementation using the
```

Author: already done

> Block API. The benefits of using this mechanism instead of the default one (based on synchronized block of code) 

Reviewer 2: Do you mean the _Lock_ API?

Reviewer 2: Also, missing either a 'the' or an 's'
```suggestion
Block API. The benefits of using this mechanism instead of the default one (based on synchronized blocks of code) 
```

Author: already done

are the following:

* Fine-Grained control: We are doing explicit locking and unlocking, this is more precise and efficient than 
the implementation with synchronized blocks.
* Use of conditions variables: This allows threads to wait for certain conditions to be met before proceeding.
* Multiple Object locking: lock can be shared among multiple class instances, allowing you to manage synchronization 
across this instance more flexible.

> NOTE: The Fragment processing happen when a big message is processed by the ORB. If the ORB message is exceeding the default size of 1024 bytes, then the internal fragmentation of the message starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The Fragment processing happens when a big message is processed by the ORB. If the ORB message exceeds the default size of 1024 bytes, then internal fragmentation of the message starts.
```

Author: already done

To configure the new functionality use the following properties:

.New ORB Fragment Processing Properties
|===
|Property |Description

| `com.sun.corba.ee.protocol.enableNewFragmentProcess`

> | This property will enable the new fragment processing. By default, this property is set as `false` to use older implementation based on synchronized block's of code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| This property will enable the new fragment processing. By default, this property is set as `false` to use the older implementation based on synchronized blocks of code.
```

Author: already done

| `com.sun.corba.ee.protocol.newFragmentEmptyConditionTimeout`

> | You can use this property to change the timeout for the condition that waits availability of fragments from a request. By default, the timeout is 10000 milliseconds. This property can be used if the com.sun.corba.ee.protocol.enableNewFragmentProcess was enabled. The unit for this property is milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| You can use this property to change the wait timeout for fragments of a request. By default, the timeout is 10000 milliseconds. This property only takes effect if the `com.sun.corba.ee.protocol.enableNewFragmentProcess` is enabled. The unit for this property is milliseconds.
```
